I think he wants you gates
very special he's always like doing
things his own way where are you guys
applying oh boy
even if we could afford it it's a
private school even what I want for Jake
I know we've always said we're not those
parents but Afghan afford to be hey the
numbers are ridiculous you have to
remember everybody wants diversity why
not talk a little about his gender
expansive play you want him to be
somewhere he can thrive right I really
don't think it's weird he does like to
play dress-up that's not news yeah she
likes fairy tales but maybe that's not
the most critical thing worth mentioning
he asked why boys can't wear skirts I
don't want to send him off to
kindergarten labels he's only four what
if he starts thinking there's something
wrong with him let go right in a few
weeks we'll visit some new schools and
you should just be yourself and that's
all that matters okay
there's no big deal at all
is a constant friend I'd like to show
you something there were one or two
incidents in class and love is a hand to
kindergarten it's so hard for a child
you know which is why it's nothing don't
you have some choices to make here maybe
we should bring him to see something
maybe the problem is that we started
pushing him into this role you're the
one buying him every princess DVD you
can get your hands on and this freaking
out when people start to notice is it
any wonder he's confused
rejoice over hard to protect them but
it's never gonna be easy to really see
people especially the ones we love is
far
one two three
[Music]
you